Here's something ironic. When gym bros want to say that someone has skinny, 
insufficiently muscular legs, the epithet they   reach for is chicken legs. If you have skinny 
legs, you are said to have chicken legs. This is ironic, because your typical modern 
broiler chicken has Tom Platz level legs.   Big Ramy thighs. Dorian Yates calves. 
Chickens do not have chicken legs. Why the widespread false impression to the 
contrary? Well, it's because the part of the   chicken that we think is its leg is actually 
it's foot. And chickens do have skinny feet. Hello, I'm Adam Ragusea, I make internet videos 
about food that a surprisingly large number   of people seem to like watching, and I have a 
large reserve of acoustical foam in my house,   so I figured, why not start a podcast? 
I was a supposed to be a podcaster. I was a radio reporter for many years and I 
was around for the initial podcast explosion,   and I had my hand in various pods even as 
I was teaching at a university full-time.   And it is because I am a pod person that I made 
my first cooking videos. I made them because   I needed to teach video and I knew nothing 
about video. Some would say I still do not. But anyway, I made some fun food videos for 
practice because all I knew about was audio   stuff, and then one of those videos blew up 
randomly about four years ago and here we are.   All of this is to say that with the new podcast, I 
am back, and it feels good to be home in the pod. I am happy to have hardly any plan about what 
this show will be. All I can tell you is that   I'm planning to release an episode every 
[RELEASE SCHEDULE TO BE DETERMINED]. The   episodes will start with a little riff about 
whatever is on my mind that week. And I am   calling it "little" aspirationally — knowing me, 
it will probably get absurdly long pretty fast. And then after I do that riff I will have 
a conversation with somebody — anybody   interesting who eats. Like, I'ma talk to 
Obi and Salma from the cooking channel   Middle Eats, which is exactly what it sounds like. SALMA: "Because it's really hard to do research 
for Iranian recipes because most of the   videos are in Persian, and you know, 
there's no way I can understand that,   and they're not translated. All the videos I had 
seen that were in English, just something seemed   so off about them. You know, there was 
just so much pomegranate molasses..." OBI: "Or too little." SALMA: "No no no, so much. 
There was like a cup and a half   of pomegranate molasses. That 
is just diabetes in a dish." I'm gonna talk to them. I'm also gonna get 
with my friends Ben Harrison and Adam Pranica   who make a couple of Star Trek recap podcasts 
over on the Maximum Fun podcast network.   The three of us are going to recap and 
review movies that heavily feature food   or cooking. We're starting with 
Stanley Tucci's "Big Night." PRANICA: "Is the food safety rating of 
this restaurant just a Mr. Yuck face   outside, given Shalhoub's hair arms 
and where the staff sleeps at night?   And the sink that doesn't work — you can't open 
a restaurant with a sink that doesn't work." RAGUSEA: "You're not counting on the 
naturally antimicrobial properties   of wooden cutting boards, which my 
audience loves to remind me about." PRANICA: "Hey, is this 
seasoning the cutting board,   Goose? You just season it with an employee?" RAGUSEA: "Oh god. You bring it here? 
You bring it to my home? My HOME?   My bedroom, where my wife sleeps?" HARRISON: "I didn't catch which of the 
two omelette plates he put the vinegar   on — was it the one on the right or on the left?" I love those two boys, they're the best. The cool thing about food is that it connects 
directly with nearly every other aspect of life,   so I'm hoping that the podcast can be a place 
where we talk about things a little farther   afield of what we normally discuss in the 
videos. I think we'll find more room here   on the pod to talk about music and movies 
and art and YouTubing and life and family   and relationships and work and health & fitness 
and that's why we started this whole thing with   a bodybuilding metaphor about chickens. Or 
was it a chicken metaphor about bodybuilding? In any case, yes, chickens do not have 
skinny legs. The drumstick — the bone   with the giant lump of dark meat at one end 
— that lump is the chicken's calf muscles.   The drumstick is the shin or lower leg of 
the chicken, and it has Yates-level calves. The skinny little sticks you see chickens 
walking around on are not its legs, but its feat.   Chickens, like most birds, are "digitigrade" 
animals, meaning they walk on their toes,   not on their feet. Our feet, our human feet, are 
parallel to the ground and they kinda roll across   the ground as we walk, making us plantigrade 
animals. Chicken feet are perpendicular to   the ground and they hang out in the air like a 
pair of very skinny legs, which they are not. So the next time a gym bro says that you have 
chicken legs, say thank you. As I shall thank   you for hitting subscribe wherever you have found 
this recording. There is a video version on video   platforms and a purely audio version on any pod 
catcher. Just search Adam Ragusea Podcast. This is   not the first episode of the pod, this is episode 
zero, just a little promo teaser situation. The   show proper will launch sometime in March, in 
this, the year of lord 2022. Show coming in March. Until then, I'll see you every 
Monday and Thursday on the YouTubes.   Keep your vinegar leg on the right. You don't 
wanna know what happens if you put it on the left. 