to do it, but it's hilarious in my opinion. Please tell us anyways. The idea is this, is that it's a long, drawn out, dramatic, entire story, and in the end, it was DNS. Oh, I like that one. Right. Isn't it always DNS? I thought you were going to like it. I like it. No, no, that is good. There are 100 million people out there who are already ready to think that DNS is the villain. Right. That's true. The deep dark villain, yeah. That's too plausible science fiction. I'm picturing like a Scooby-Doo meme. You ink the mask off. Ah, it was DNS. It was DNS the whole time. And it would have got away with it too. Yeah. Well, that's actually a good, I love the idea of, and actually one of my favorite authors is Dennis E. Taylor. Tell me if you know this name. I know the name, I don't know the work. I do. Cause you, you mentioned him recently, Adam, was it with Chris Brando? Yeah. He's my favorite, honestly. And I will eventually have him on a podcast. I just haven't gotten up the nerve, a little intimidated, but he said yes, but we'll see. Anyways, he's written many books. I classify them as plausible science because it deals with artificial intelligence and the future. And he's got a trilogy, which is not a trilogy anymore. It's actually more like a five book series now. So it's called the Bobiverse Trilogy and the characters, the main character's name is Bob. And I'm not ruining the plot by any means, cause this is the premise of the first book. Bob essentially becomes AI and, you know, goes into the future and does all, you know, like the book translates essentially. I'm doing a poor job of describing Dennis's life's work, but it's amazing stuff. But he's a software programmer. Lives in like Vancouver, BC, snowboards and mountain bikes and writes software. He writes software to like architect the storyline behind the scenes, the software for him to maintain. Cause like when you write a book that's so connected in like storyline connects to storyline and time to timeline, especially in this one, this time dilation, there's space travel. And he literally thinks about the scientific, you know, light year aspect of time and travel and timelines and storylines. Like he's written software to like maintain the truth essentially. And I think he's talked about it on podcasts and stuff like that, but he's a software engineer initially. I mean, I don't know how much he's, he actually writes some software. Thankfully, Bob was a software engineer in the storyline too. And he's written, I think he's uniquely good at the role as the main character, because in human form, he was a software engineer. And as AI that goes out and does what Bob does in the Bob verse trilogy, that's not a trilogy. He can do what Bob does because Bob writes software and he writes VR software. And it's like, really, if you're at all a software geek and you haven't written these or read these books, you're like missing out on life. Like the best part of life is reading these books. It's seriously, it's good. It's good stuff. The Bob verse is well known. Greg Egan, who I mentioned earlier, also writes his own software. He is like on his website, he has simulations of the physics that he's using for his highly advanced and abstract, you know, hard science fiction. And so, yeah, I wonder if, you know, we'll expect novels to come with GitHub repos. Well, I just think there's a lot of, you know, I was joking about the DNS idea, but I think that would actually be kind of a good plot. It would be kind of cool. There's a growing faction of humanity that are, you know, interested in software and software tech and building software that I think don't have particularly, like not all science fiction, you know, gets me the way that like software driven storylines go. Totally agree. That like truly pay homage to what we consider as truth, like where there's people who don't make software or involved in software creation that just assume what is being told to them is somewhat true. But then there's a version of us that build software and understand software that get it. And there's no true storylines for us. They're kind of like missing it in a way. Right. Yeah. There are 100 million developers out there, right? According to GitHub's latest. And I agree that like publishing does not really target or serve that enormous audience of people who are super interested in software, like write code every day as much as it should. It's weird to me. Yeah. There's John Evans. There's Dennis Taylor. Right. That's right. There's I mean, there are people who are doing it. Yeah. Serving the needs of the software people. One more name I'll throw at you guys. Nick Jones. Not quite software, but close enough. Joseph Bridgman. That series begins with a book called And Then She Vanished. And it's time travel. It's a unique version of time travel. Phenomenal book. Phenomenal series. It's four books. My favorite, this is like a deep cut, but my favorite like classic science fiction novel, but artificial intelligence is from the early seventies. It's called The Adolescence of P1. It's really prophetic. It's set in my alma mater, University of Waterloo in Canada, which is what it was like. But it's like a very software oriented, very realistic attitude towards artificial intelligence, getting out of the box and going onto the internet in the 1970s when we didn't even have an internet. So it's pretty crazy. And of course, Werner Wenge, he invented everything, but the true names and other dangers that sort of first internet, real internet AI story that great. Which in turn, by the way, you know, Eliezer Yudkowsky, the AI doom guy. No, we need to make a list because my list is short and I'm barely into it. I guess Yudkowsky is also a science fiction author, but he's more like the high priest of we must stop building AI. AI is going to kill us all. He once said on Twitter that reading this Werner Wenge short story was like the defining moment in his life that changed everything for him. And after he read it, he knew what he was going to do with the rest of his life. Is that right? Yeah. So like science fiction is influential. Oh, for sure. That's why I think the Bulbiverse series is so unique because the way AI plays out in that storyline, I'm trying my best not to like spoil anything, but it's just, it's not at all negative nor positive. It's just the way I guess, you know, it's just like not quite the word inevitable, but it just happens. And it's actually better for humanity in the grand scheme of the human storyline in that series. Just so interesting how like you can think so drastically bad. I suppose when you think about humanity only, and maybe there is only humanity, maybe there isn't, that everybody's take is like, how is AI to humanity? Not how is AI to universality? I don't know. Like, how do you think about it from a non-human perspective? A weird question I like to ask is like, if an alien species were to build an AI, would they be like the AIs that we build? Can we even imagine a different kind of AI? And if not, like, then aren't we kind of all, you know, humans, aliens, they were sort of all sort of crescendoing on like the same thing. Yeah. But anyways, yeah, I don't really buy the sort of AI is going to be terrible and kill us all. I don't really buy the AI is going to be wonderful and turn us all into angels, blah, blah, blah. I'm confident that the future is going to be really weird, however. Well, I think we got to this degree of the conversation by saying that so much is changing. Like you mentioned physics in your Times article. And I think we're kind of in this world right now of change. We're in a world of change around, in particular, our world here in software development, where AI is becoming, you know, a peer programmer and very much becoming like a sidekick to the individual and a sidekick to the corporation building software. And then we're also in a like a turbulent time of like economics, world economics is turbulent right now. There's lots of stuff happening in all parts of the world. There's things trying to, you know, change the power of the dollar, the US dollar, as I'm talking about it. There's lots of change around physics and, you know, going back to the moon or have we gone or all these things that are like basically every question imaginable is now in question again. It's like, is the earth flat? Is the earth round? Have we gone to space? Is there space? Is there only low earth orbit? Like world economics, physics, I mean, all these things are essentially what seems to have been hard truths are now like, well, really, are they true? Well, I think this is like a factor of what I'm saying. Like the software is like what you're seeing and your exposure to the world is coming through these layers and layers of filters, like journalists and software and, you know, your feed algorithm deciding what you see and stuff. So everyone's getting like a slightly different view on what used to be a shared common world, which is an interesting thing. I don't think that's entirely bad though. I was going to ask how you combat that, but it sounds like maybe you don't think that we need to. Well, not necessarily. Like I think quote unquote misinformation is more demand problem than supply problem, right? Like no matter how much is out there, people are going to find it and take it. But also like, I think to an extent, a variety of perspectives, like genuinely original takes is how we get new stuff. So I actually don't want everyone to be thinking the same way about everything. Right. Yeah. We need different. We need Steve jobs, original campaign, think different because that's true. I mean, we do need uniqueness, but we also need collaboration and camaraderie and connectedness. So there's like, I mean, ultimately my takes are usually boring because it goes back to things like moderation. Like I feel, I feel like we need both. Like I feel like we need a physical analog connection to real people in the real world. And we also need the abstract digital morphological demand side misinformation world that we're we've invented. Cause there's so much, like you said, John, that comes out of that, that are new things. Some are bad, some are good. And then hopefully we gravitate and elevate the good ones or good uses of things and find ways to combat the bad ones. But I feel like both at the individual and maybe more at the societal level, like a healthy grounding in both is probably what's best. Yeah. I'm with you. Like I call myself a radical moderate. You know, I walked down the street to the side saying reasonable informed discussion where possible. I like that a radical moderate. That's good. But yeah, I think you need both. And you know, you do need some wackiness and craziness and willingness to sort of reject what the status quo is as things are. Cause sometimes the status quo is wrong, but you can't go embracing every alternative to what people say is th