 SSD or a physical disc that spins has the software in it called SMART. And I forget what it's called. It's an acronym. Oh yeah. But that report that you get back from the SMART data report is like reading it as a human is just like, forget it, right? Like what's important here. So I take that report and I just pipe it right into ChatGPT and I tell it to tell me exactly what's happened to this hard drive. Should I replace this thing? I don't have to like look at that report whatsoever. And it's like, no, Adam, you're good to go. Keep going. Or Adam, listen, let me tell you something. In about six months, you're going to replace a hard drive. That's a paraphrase of what ChatGPT says back to me. But that's another like modern leveling up of like. For sure. I don't need to plateau. I don't need to worry about these people scared of the future. Like what are they so afraid of? Do they think literally these machines are going to construct robots are going to take over Boston Dynamics? And like next thing you know, the company isn't ran by the company more. Now it's ran by some machine that, you know, manifests the corporation and pays the taxes and bills the things like the humans are just subjects of this control. Yeah, probably not. Yes, is actually the short answer. That's what's going to happen. But I also think that raises a really interesting point. Because like all my non-tech friends are like, oh, ChatGPT, they just make stuff up. It's useless. I don't even know what we're talking about. They don't realize that people in the industry like us, you know, sometimes we ask questions and ask it to write things for us, you know, but we know that it's going to be hallucinating and not everything, you know, if you just ask it, it's going to be correct. But what we use it for is what Adam was talking about. Like it takes, you know, information and it transforms it into another kind. And it's phenomenally good at that. Like it's sickly good. Yeah, and it writes like 30% of my code too. Like Copilot writes 30% of my code nowadays. And I think non-tech people don't realize that it's a powerful transformation tool. They think it's just a Q&A tool, which is too bad. So I think they'd get a lot of use out of it as a transformation tool. Right. The way Simon Willison described it really resonated with me. He called it a calculator for words. And so it's going to be very good at taking words. You can put a lot of words into it and have it summarize those down, right? Compile them down into less words. And some, like Adam just said, with the smart diagnostics, tell me what this means or highlight the difficult parts or whatever. It can also take a small amount of words and expand them into much more words. And like those two use cases, and there's many permutations of those, are hugely valuable beyond just Q&A. Simon's great. I know Simon. He's super, super good at this type of stuff. Yeah. We've had him on the show multiple times because he's also, he's very excited about things, but he's also very scared of things. And he's also very practical. So it's like you get the excitement. You also have a little bit of trepidation. So it's balanced. It's not pure utopia. And then he also is like, and he's actually, what I like about him the most is he shares what he's doing with it today, right now in his life and how he's using it to be more productive. And I think that's ultimately valuable for all of us. Kind of like these tips that Adam are sharing. It's like a version of bionics, but you're not actually embedding anything into your body. It's just your, you know, your human form. I don't know, like typing into a machine. Maybe at one point we can actually think our thoughts through something and then think ChatGPT instead of, you know, typing. I use the app on my iPhone a lot and I just talk to ChatGPT. It's so strange when you volley back and forth a few times. But, you know, you can speak into your phone and it does a good job of translating your words into text. And so for long conversations that are deep like that, I won't type them out because it's just too tiring. I also wish it kind of had auto-correct or sort of predictive text whenever you're typing because it just doesn't. Like there's certain things I'm like, you can totally just complete the sentence for me, but it doesn't. Anyways, well, OpenAI, they're too busy printing money at this point. So gosh, even favoriting, like, for example, the one I mentioned about the Denon and the sound fields and stuff like that, sound processing, like that's a chat I go back to in reference, but I've got to scroll, scroll, scroll and find it, you know, and it's just too challenging. So now I've just got a link to it. Bookmark it. Yeah, yeah. Bookmark to it. But like, just give me the favorite feature, right? Just let me, you know, kind of go back to these conversations, keep the context and kind of keep them going over time because there's context and I want to rebuild for the thing again. And in some cases it kind of forgets. Like, I know we've got like 30 back and forth here, but I've, I'm new. I'm new right now. I have no context of this past conversation and it's kind of frustrating. I think OpenAI doesn't really want to be a consumer services company. And they'd like to just train GPT5 and GPT6. Maybe so. Yeah. Yeah. Be the API to those things. Yeah. Seems true. The way that they're building things, it seems like they're more focused on that side than they are about improving the consumer product that is OpenAI chat. All right. So we're not doomers. We're not particularly not, not doomers either. There's fear, but I'm not afraid. There's trepidation. I like that word you used here. Trepidation. Yeah. I thought that was a good word to describe it. I'm not shaking in my boots about it. You know, I'm actually quite hopeful that something will come from this that's, you know, good and better for humanity. How can we, like you were saying, John, some people just won't touch it because it doesn't, it's not accurate enough for them or whatever.
Don't dismiss it leverage it but don't lean on it that it's your only source of information like you've got to be Wise and you've got to direct it like 30% your code is being written by it But those are still your ideas like can you help me? You're just saving yourself time You could have gone and probably written that code just as well, right, you know if potentially not better But why would you spend the three hours doing that when chance you PT can get you in? It's the ultimate 10x or I get you there in 30 minutes versus three hours, yeah, I really liked the word copilot I thought you know, it was brilliant when they get with X like you're landing the plane yourself, okay That's fine. But when you're flying the copilot can take care of most of the work, right? Right? Yeah, and that's true Well, that's why their next big innovations gonna be called github pilot, you know, cuz then you're just out of the loop Yeah, who needs you anymore? We'll take it from here guys. Thank you No access we don't do that anymore exactly Well, the real question John is, you know, how much of an exedelic is human written and how much of it is not? So when I started writing at GPT 3 wasn't even out yet So I can be very confident just maybe one of the last great human written books at this point, you know Yeah, I mean it it is kind of fun Like people are worried about you know, poisoning AI models with AI generated data because there's so much of it already out there And yes, right Yeah, it was written long enough ago that you can be very certain that this one is entirely written by my weird subconscious That's even something to where you know people that would have never written a book are Able to get out the outline. It's it's like an editor almost like there's I thought about this more recently I was like, you know a lot in a lot of cases a real human editor to an author is Sometimes all the extra beauty in the words and the forming and the sentences and the structure I mean, there's a lot of authors who are good at that But maybe they just have the good idea but don't know how to manifest that into a well articulated fun-to-read Sentence that helps your imagination bloom with picture, which is what a lot of books do, you know I think about that like even today People are writing books that they would have never written before. I think that's a positive some for for humanity, right? like let me get out the outline and maybe chant gpt or whatever this gpt world we live in will become is just the The get over the hurdle, you know the unblocker the writer's block, you know remover essentially Let me get you moving, you know, let me help you take that outline into something That's maybe you don't even like what i've given you but it's helped you think it's possible because sometimes humanity is blocked behind possibility Rather than like oh like if I don't think I can achieve it then I just won't do it kind of thing It is great. Just giving you lists of ideas Like I don't know what to call this thing. Give me 20 alternatives of wacky names to call it. Yeah, these are actually good names That's my majority use is like give me 40 alternate phrases from this phrase And i'll kind of say and i'm, you know Usually there's like a phrase that I can't remember I want to know is that how you've been telling these shows lately jared you've been using chant gpt because like The last several times we've had to title shows i'll admit this My ideas have been horrible the most recent one that we put on for the change of the interview one What was it jared back to the terminal of the future like that was amazing and I was like Forget you jared, you know, like what are you 100% human crafted? I'll let you know. It was jared generated. It was jared generated text Except this is up to teach Thank you for the compliment, well, it was a good title what's funny is A lot of times i'll discount it because i'll say give me 40 of these and i'll be like These are all terrible and i'm like, okay i'll use this one You ever do that These are awful. That one's actually not that bad. I'll grab that. I will take the least terrible one So it's less worth than coming up. Yeah, exactly And it's like well better than what I came up with I do think like by the nature of what they're trained on they're going to take like the median, you know Quality level right? So I don't think jftp is ever going to write a particularly good book if it's trained on just all the books that are out There it'll write an okay one, but you're not going to like push the envelope You're not going to create new groundbreaking new art with the current architectures, right? They're literally designed to take the most common approach and follow that so right which is like mediocrity Ingrained right? Yeah, but it also like it lowers the bar It means, you know, the the base level that everyone can get to is act