ually reasonably good So yeah, damian real talked about this a little bit on practical ai he's a lawyer slash programmer Who's done a lot of work like all the melodies dot info and stuff with? computer generated music specifically in law around computer generated music And he was talking about the smoothness of ai generated music And how humans don't create like ai creates ai creates with smooth trends smooth data And I think by that you're kind of referring to like mediocre Normalness like the normality of the data of this of the produced sounds for instance and humans create in this kind of beautiful Abnormal jagged way with music and so they're using those designs or those ways to differentiate between Human and ai generated music for instance. I think it's probably very similar with words we're like you're gonna have this thing that's like taking the all of human words and like Crunching them and then spitting out this next best word, which is often the most Guessable word for the circumstance, right? Like it's by definition the next best But that's not really the way that humans think are right like we come up with something Entirely weird and off kilter and askew so there's there's something there Yeah, I don't know if you ever listened to the google's music lm thing Which on the one hand sounds really good and even like includes vocals sometimes and it's just like, you know Pick a genre of music pick a length pick instruments and it'll create it on the spot It's it always sounds like great background music. It's never something you'd really want to listen to in the foreground Yeah, this would be awesome for an elevator. Yeah, exactly Not for my wedding or for you know a rock concert precisely, right? Well, there's something that's uh, Just magical about beautiful imperfection. I think that's what you're describing. You're like humans are we're not predictable in a lot of cases like there's some predictability to humanity, but In creativity, I think there's not a lot of Predictableness if that's a word. Yeah, you know predictability How would you describe that? I liked what damien really I think he did describe it as jagged which I thought was an interesting Yeah, I like that way to describe the way humans write and create is jagged. Yeah, it's like uh, Well, there's the jaggedness might be the pausing you might create Evaluate repeat You know and that might be the jagged is like there's a pause in the evaluate scenario of what you create You call that writer's block, right? I forget what rockstar said if you're gonna hit the wrong note do it loud That's right See an ai would never say that because an ai doesn't have that level of you know, yeah, that's a rockstar I love it. I love it. John. Do you have any more books in you? Um, maybe I mean this is my first book in a while and honestly just invaded my mind But I had to write it to get it out of my mind. So that's usually that's my creative process So I have no idea when i'm going to be invaded by another one So I think the answer is yes, but I have no idea when well you just were invaded john It's a dns config. Come on. We gave you the best ending ever Is that we can collaborate I can I can help you with outlines and you can write the the stuff Just give adam the co-author just for that last plot piece and we'll be happy Oh, they have the protagonist local host. I would love to eventually write a book. I don't know have the the motivation yet i'm not my mind hasn't been invaded by an idea to the degree where i'm like i've got to get it out, but I do Uh aspire at one point in my life to write a book that would probably be in this world, you know, that's not really catered to very much and the idea that there's a A total adjustable market of 100 million developers globally. That's interesting. Now. Do they all speak english fluently? I don't know if 100 million is you know, all you know in my I don't speak other languages So I have to write in my native language I suppose I can work with somebody to translate but that's even harder too You know, like there's I mean chat gpt is really good at translation. Yeah That's true. Well, yeah, I could be like hey translate this book How many people have to read your book for you to consider it a success? Honest question for you adam and it's for you. John Because you're saying 100 million might maybe it's not all of them. It's like do they have to all read it? well, I think about it was more like uh Less enough and more thinking about what's the total adjustable market like is the total adjustable market large enough to consider you know Going after I think 100 million is plenty. So yeah, I think that's plenty. Okay I would be happy if a thousand people read it maybe even 20 000 people That'd be fine with me. Okay, john. What do you do you think like that? Do you think like how many people do I want to read this thing? Because you put a lot of work into it Yeah, I mean what you're supposed to say is oh, I don't care how many people read it as long as I move by it That's not true. Everyone knows that's not true, right? That's a line you feed me a line exactly that's what chat gpt would tell us if you asked it to generate a response Honestly, I'd be like my previous books have sold, you know, tens of thousands of copies total Which is not a huge amount, but it's not trivial. So i'd be happy with 10 000 I'd be extra happier, you know with 10 times that much obviously everyone wants to have a huge hit blah blah blah But you know if thousands and thousands of people have read your book and thought about it then, you know move by it then that's a pretty good outcome the commitment to the craft not the writing craft, but the the craft of Taking the idea from the brain of the the thinker You know and putting into words in a form that is cohesive and readable by another human being like that somebody that committed to that I'm, just not sure I could do it more than once and to be really great at it to get like 10 000 20 000 a following like Dennis e taylor, for example, like he's got quite a following the baba verse has done quite well and he's got Outland and earthside and other other spinoffs of other stories. He's got there's a short story that he's got called feedback I think it's probably his masterpiece that he barely claims Like I think that's probably his best book. Honestly To get to that level it takes such commitment. I'm, just not sure I have it George erwell once wrote writing a book is a horrible exhausting struggle like a long bout with some painful illness One would never undertake such a thing if one were not driven on by some demon whom one can neither resist nor understand Now orwell was a downer famously. He was I don't really believe that entirely but like there is an aspect of that where you're like, oh man I'm doing this big thing and i'm wrestling with it and I don't even know people are gonna like it for years What am I doing? You go you do go through right? Yeah, you have to be driven by something I mean, I think to even consider the exercise I would have to think is there a market for it? So that's why I began with the tam like is there a market for the idea because like is it worth sharing? I'm, not so driven by the idea that I have to share it But to get there, I think it takes some discipline really some discipline to get to You know 50 pages in a week or you know, whatever in a day, you know authors tend to think in weeks versus days when because it's just too challenging to like accomplish a goal on a daily because Kids get sick. You get sick life happens. You got to go to the doctor Whatever, you know life so it gets no way you need gas in your car that takes all day Just kidding. That doesn't happen. But something disrupts your day where you can't get those pages in so you you didn't fail You gotta think in weeks Right. I just don't know if I can do that Yet So I like to do that like whenever i'm not sure if I can do something I like to put the word in parentheses yet at the end if not comma space yet with an exclamation point because like I am determined to do something but Am I ready to do that right now? Maybe not but I can't do that yet. So at some point i'll equip myself to do so Or not. It's also true of a big like code inside project, right? Like if you want to build some, you know, significant open source library That's a commitment measure and reach this about months or years too, so Yeah, for sure Well, the reason I was asking about your next book was less about like what we look forward to but more back to jerry's question since you didn't have Artificial intelligence assist you in the creation of your this current book we're talking about If you would use it, how would you use it to help you and assist you? So I think people should use it. I also think I would not which is weird But um not for any moral ethical trans but just i'm like obviously very left-brained orderly intellectual guy like I wrote code You know c-level companies blah blah blah, but when i'm writing i'm totally not that when i'm writing i'm like Well, i'm gonna jump off the cliff and hope my subconscious catches me on the way down I have no idea where i'm going or what i'm doing. So for my particular wackadoodle I don't know i'm making it up as I go process I don't think chat gpt would help for most authors it would help and should be used but for my weirdness I don't know i'm gonna make it some homework for myself potentially for the show notes. Jared I'm gonna ask chat gpt if I were to write a book about dns as the villain and uh, you know the antagonist to the story Or the ending plot line like how would I go about like give me 50? 200 word summaries of the book like like you might see on the back of a book you summarize the book In two to five hundred words give me 40 versions of that And see if there's anything interesting because i'm kind of curious could dns be a true villain I don't actually that's one way I might use it like after i've written the first draft Have it go through the first draft and say so like what needs work. How would you summarize this? You know analysis of it after i've done it would be good for that. I think analysis is great because there's lots of I mean I said this on podcast before because jared and I podcast a lot together, but there's times when I want to ask You know jared's my business partner And so there's questions I ask people like, you know the role he he serves in our enterprise Can you help me with this, you know, but he's he's busy he doesn't need to answer my dumb questions and i've got this thing here that's Totally willing and potentially with more accuracy and potentially more patience And so I think that's to be leveraged. I think to not leverage that Is silly right not a very wise move to not leverage such a willing participant in your adventures What a shame. Yeah, it's like everyone has an assistant now, and if you're not getting your a