On average, a million streams is around $4,000 USD on Spotify. And we're averaging like 60 million streams a month right now. So things are just pretty crazy. And I don't think most people know that there's that potential because in music, you hear there's no money in streaming. But I'm like, that's because labels own 80% of your songs. But if you own your songs, there's a shit ton of money in streaming. Okay, welcome first. So I don't know what the real intro of this is going to be, but I wanted to introduce this to you guys. Sam had put this on the calendar like, hey, we're recording with Connor and Brianna, and I think he knows you guys in person or in real life or whatever. And he kind of loosely said, he said something like, oh, I was like, is that the rapper kind of music person? And then when I was doing the prep for this, I was like, oh, it's these people. Oh, my God. I love your stuff. I am so excited for this, as you can probably tell because I'm screaming. But I'm so excited for this because I think what you do is literally amazing. I think it is so smart. And I think it is so impressive what you've done. You know, we've had the chance to talk to Mr. Beast on this podcast, and we've talked to Hasan Minhaj in the comedy world. We've talked to some Cody Co on the YouTube side, who you kind of look like. I think you know that. But I do. I got to say, I think you are playing TikTok like a fiddle. I think you have figured out the thing. Every platform that comes out, there's like the people that kind of come from the old world onto that and just kind of try to do the same thing, but maybe shorter or faster or video or whatever. And then there's people who figure out that medium for what it is. And I think you've figured out how to do music on TikTok like nobody else. I don't know if you're a marketing genius or if you fell into that, but either way, it's working. And therefore, I am so excited to have this conversation because last night, you could tell I'm kind of tired because I was binging your content. And I was just so inspired. I was so inspired. I don't do anything in the music world. I bet 99% of the listeners don't do anything in the music world. But I was so inspired just by what you were doing. So that's my intro of just fanboy because I can't believe how good you guys are at what you do. That was the nicest intro ever. Well, thank you so much. Yeah, no, as far as the marketing stuff goes, that's all Brianna, which is why it's so fun to be able to do this conversation with her because we do everything together. But so many of my ideas that have gone viral are her ideas. So let's give people a little context and we can either explain it or I do think it would be better to literally just show it. So I'm going to love the show. So I have a bunch that I liked. Do you know how much I like this? I was last night. So I'm doing this on my laptop and I'm not logged into TikTok. And I kept hitting the like button. And I was trying to like it. And it's like create an account. I almost created a second account just to give you the like because I was so I felt like you deserved it. Like, oh, thank you. Don't you feel like someone earned it? That's how I felt. I love it. Play a video. Play one of the videos. Yo, yo, yo, what is he doing? Oh, yes. He was telling me that if you if you cut a carrot a certain way, you can play it like a flute. He really thinks that's going to work. Apparently, it's a thing. Just ignore him. Ready? Uh, yeah. Do me a favor. Pull up that one session. Yeah, look, they said that I couldn't do it. So I went and did it. W's only, you know, I've been winning top of the world. The globe is spinning, spinning. If you know, you know, I've been on a mission. Mission. Okay, let's get it. Got a little time on my hands like a wristwatch. I don't got time for the breaks in the pit stop race to the gridlock. Take it like Chris Rock right to the chin. Still win heavy metals like Slipknot. Got the driving. I got tunnel vision. I just hit my stride the way I run the business. I've been making paper like I'm done to me. Let's see the end game. I got one division. Look, I don't ever bother with a critic. Hit him with a chronic color. So you create these, these little like opening skits and you, you don't hit them. Like, okay. Traditional way of doing things. Somebody wants to be a musician. They're going to fire up TikTok and they're going to just play their song. Maybe they play the song with a music video already baked in. And if it's me and I'm just hearing the opening of a song, it's usually pretty slow. There's a little bit of a buildup, you know, just like the, just a little bit of instrumental playing at the beginning. Or they might say, Hey, I'm Sean. This is my new track. Give it a listen. Right. Kind of boring, sort of begging for attention. Whereas you have these little opening skits that gets you curious of what's going to happen. You're playing all these characters like, you know, Eddie Murphy in whatever that movie was. You're Tyler Perry and you're playing all the characters. And then, then you hit them with a track that's actually like surprisingly good for how simple the intro is. I don't know how, how to explain it, but. This is how you got famous for doing this stuff on TikTok. Sure. Yeah. No. So I make music specifically in the kind of hip hop rap world, a little bit of pop sometimes. But yeah. So the whole goal with these videos is to not make it seem like you're selling someone, especially on TikTok. The moment you feel like someone's like, Hey, check out my song. You're going to swipe away. So you have to provide entertainment first. And we have found the best way to do that is through skits. It was really easy because Connor's been acting since he was six years old. So it was the perfect way to kind of merge those two worlds. And it, it worked. Yeah. I saw you were in a bunch of like, well, like good luck, Chuck, a bunch of movies. I started acting when I was six in Toronto, where I grew up, started with commercials. When I was 10, I did a movie called Cinderella Man. I played the son of Russell Crowe in that film. And that was kind of the first huge project that was ever a part of. First time I went to LA for the premiere, I signed with a US agent. And so from a kid, I've just been doing TV and film my whole life. And then when COVID hit and production shut down, I was like, what do we do? I was working at Alphapaw at the time, the pet company. I left that job. And then I was like, okay, Connor's really good at rapping. He's, he's loved hip hop for so many years. Why don't we try marketing that? And he didn't want to, because he thought TikTok was kind of lame. Like it was in the era where people just did those little dances. So I took some YouTube videos he had filmed, turned them into vertical pieces of content. He's like, I'm a thespian. I'm not going to be on TikTok. I'm an actor. I was naive. I make films. My biggest regret is not starting sooner on like social media specifically. I'd always been anti that. Once he saw a video go viral and then it translate to streams the next day, he's like, okay, maybe we can do TikTok. That changed everything. Yeah, every, every time. Let's pause for a sec. Yeah. We got to say the background here because people said Alphapaw. So basically, I am friends with Ramon who then became... Me, Sean and Ramon are all buddies. Ramon is on episode two or three or four. Sean talks to him. He had a pet... It's episode two. He had a soap opera company and then a pet company. I remember Ramon bought this pet business that seemed outlandish at the time, turned into a successful business. I went to Vegas to hang out with him. I think I was there regardless. And I just went to hang out to the office. Brianna was his right hand woman running marketing and everything else at the company. I go to this brand new office that he has. And Ramon's like, Connor is Brianna's wife. He's actually just going to help us move. He's trying to make it... By the way, Sam, Ramon told me that you showed up like high on drugs because you were afraid of flying. So you're like, you're like doped up. I hated flying. And I took up, I took too much medicine. And I got to, I like, I was still figuring out the dosage. And I got to the office. I was like, I got to go to sleep. So I was like all messed up. I was like, I'm sorry, guys. I'm like intoxicated. But I met, I remember meeting Connor. Connor was moving, yeah. He was moving boxes like you were because you were an actor. And you're in between shit. And you're just moving. And then like months later, Ramon was like, hey, remember Brianna's wife or husband? She, he's like trying to actually become a rapper. And he's actually good. And I'm like, the guy moving? What really? I don't buy it. I don't buy it. And then you had like some traditional rap music videos. And I'm like, OK, he actually is quite good. Then Ramon was like, hey, Brianna's actually left Alpha Paul. And she's going to take over his shit. And then I started seeing the TikToks. And I'm like, oh, my God, this guy's the best. And then you blew up. And now it looks like you have like 8 million monthly listens on your Spotify. He, Ramon's telling me that you guys are independent. Yeah. So you like own all the music. And he's like saying like, dude, their numbers for revenue are outlandish. You can say if you want or not. But like they're making a really good living. Now, Connor's going on tour. He's with Hoody Allen. He's in Europe. He's selling out shows in Europe. And now you're like legit famous. He looks like your top song. Spinnin' has 105 million downloads. The other one is 74 million. Like you guys are killing it. And I knew you just as this nice guy who was moving boxes. This was only I think this was three years ago. This wasn't long ago. Maybe four. You know what? The first time we met was at a comedy show five years ago in 2018. Do you remember that? It was like a Chris D'Elia show. And then, yeah, you came to the office. I think you and I were like butting heads that day. And then Ramon's like, oh, he's just on drugs. And I'm like, OK, that makes sense. Yeah. What Ramon told me. Yeah. Ramon sent a voice message to me last night. He's like, yeah, Sam came to the office. But he was like, you know, a little bit like doped up from the flight. And he goes, you know, Sam normally asks like pretty direct questions. Like add drugs. Oh, Sam was getting behind everyone's laptops. Like, what are you working on? Why are you doing it this way? And I'm like, I don't remember that. I don't remember that. Get out of here. You're making my team nervous as hell. And Brianna, you don't know this, but I also saw your work before we ever met because you were behind a lot of the ad. So Alphapaw scaled like crazy. So Ramon bought this business. That's a dog ramp business initially. So it was literally like it was called Sausage Dog. Sausage Dog. Oh, that's right. Wow. Which is also what they used to call my dorm in college. But so well played. So then it's like little dogs use the ramp to get up on the bed or on the couch or down from the couch. I have four of them in my house because I got a little dog. And I also know Ramon. So he sent me four free ramps. So these ramps are great. But I was like, how do you sell these? Like, are people looking for these? He's like, no, most people don't even realize they want it. So we got to make ads that teach them that they want it. And I was just getting into e-com. Ramon's the reason I started an e-com brand because I was sitting at his house hearing the Shopify on his phone. I was like, dude, I want that noise in my life. How do you do that? So I decided to start one. And to help me, he goes, he's like here, I added you to my ads account, which is like basically like adding you as a cosigner on a bank account. Basically, nobody gives their Facebook ad account to somebody else. But that's very intimate. Ramon is that kind of guy, that kind of friend. And so I'm in the ad account, and I'm looking at all your ads that you created because you had all these video ads that were working to sell pads and ramps and all this stuff. And I was like, damn, I need somebody who's good at creating ads. And I think, is it right that you were just kind of like at that warehouse or you would just like come up with the concept yourself and figure out like test them? Is that kind of where you got this like quick video production? Like you and your sister, I think. It was mainly myself and Catherine. Do you remember Catherine? Catherine and I ran the marketing, and then my little sister would help me. But basically, we would just try and like either pull at someone's heartstrings, like we would start a video with maybe an injured dog, and then instantly a person that has an injured dog can relate to that. And they're like, oh, like, and then we show the solution. And then a cute little dog. We literally bought a chihuahua. She's upstairs just to use like for marketing ads. And we would show her trying to jump up on the couch. And instantly, everyone that has a chihuahua is like, oh, my dog does the same thing. Boom. Here's a solution. And it just freaking worked. It was wild. Like I couldn't believe it. We went from an office as big as a bathroom to like a 20,000 square foot warehouse within a year. Yeah, I was doing a lot of moving. Connor was moving a lot. Connor would help film. He would help edit the ads. Yeah, it was a family production. And then all the high performing ads we filmed in either our living room or Chloe's living room. Yeah, in our house. And then when I was like, okay, I really want to do my own thing. We want to start a family. I need to leave this pet company. It broke my heart because Ramon's my best friend, but I had to ultimately leave. And I was trying to start other companies. I'm like, what can I start? I started like a coffee brand, like a Christian brand. And then our friend Cliff Weitzman, he's the CEO of Speechify. Oh, we know Cliff. You know, I love Cliff. He says hello. I was talking to him this morning. I said I was going to be on. Yeah, Cliff was over for dinner and I was just venting my frustrations of product boredom. And he's like, Bree, stop. Like, this is your product. He's like, Kris Jenner, the shit out of him. So the next day I stopped. I had a huge order, an inventory of coffee, and I let it go to waste. And I'm like, we're going all in on this. And I pretty much just used the same mindset I used to sell the dog ramps to sell his music. It's like, how can we hook someone in? And how can we tell a story around this song? Because a lot of music these days is just like a really cool beat and like some generic lyrics. Right. But I'm like, there's a lack of storytelling. And I think that's what music online is missing. And we did it. So and we're doing it independently. So. So you can see it because as I was doing my binge, I can't even call it research. I was just enjoying myself going down, did the Tour de France down your profile. The first video actually on your YouTube channel is pretty dope. I don't know. Sam, have you seen the very first video that the first song that he posted? Yes. Is that is that the one where you rap about how you? Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What is it called? The S word or what did you say? What'd you call it? It's just S, just the letter S. So you rap about how you used to have a stutter. And then in the song, you're basically every like a bunch of the words start with S. And by the way, you sent me down a Watsky rabbit hole to last night. We love Watsky. Huge, huge inspiration for that. I've never heard of him. He's dope. So anyways, that's the first song. And it's like, OK, this person clearly has talent, but also it's like, I don't know. That's different. Yeah. It's never been easier to go on, I don't know, Fruit Loops and make a beat and then try to try to rap and like do 15 seconds of a good rap. Like that's, I guess, never been easier. Would you say like it's kind of more competitive than ever to do that part? Totally, totally. I mean, there's what, 60,000 songs uploaded every day. I think the data is closer to 100 now, but roughly, I'd say to be safe, 60,000 songs uploaded every day. Yeah, the ease of being able to make music now, especially in the hip hop space with programs like Fruity Loops. And Splice, where you can find samples that are royalty free. Yeah, a lot of people are making music way more efficiently than ever. You can see like kind of the progression, like, OK, you're getting some views, putting out some good tracks. But like there was, I could almost draw a line and be like, then they figured out how to create like hooks for these videos. Yeah, it was the presentation. And then everything was different after that. Is that when you joined, Brianna? Like, is that kind of when you Kris Jennered the shit out of him? Yeah, that's when I really stopped trying to do a million things and focused just on him. And the biggest moment for us was creating a series. That's when we started the Spin the Globe series, where he would spin a globe and land on a country and collab with an artist. That took us from like here to like... Yeah, that took off like crazy. That first video that we did, where we landed on Zambia and found the Zambian artist, that video has 72 million views on TikTok and 72 million views on YouTube Shorts. So explain that video. Yes. Yeah, so it was an idea where I had this song with this artist named Killa, who's this independent artist from Zambia. When we first worked with him, he had less than a thousand monthly listeners. He had 189 monthly listeners. And now he's over a million because of that song, which is incredible. Wow. And it's like changed his life. But essentially, we were like, all right, how can we market this? And I was like, all right, we need a strong hook in the first two to three seconds. Hold on, let me play it. I want you to break it down. Sure. No, please do. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right, I'm going to spin this globe and wherever my finger lands, I'm going to find an artist from that country to collaborate with me on a song. Let's see what happens. Zambia. All right, well, let's find out more about Zambia. I started researching some up and coming artists and one guy really stood out to me. His name is Killa. He's a rapper from Lusaka, which is the capital of Zambia. I felt like his style and his voice would sound perfect on the song I'm working on. So I reached out to him. I sent him the beat. And then a few days later, he sent me back. So that whole thing, five seconds there, like the speed that you hit them with that initial hook. You're already started. You're like mid word. You're like, all right, I'm going to spin this globe. Now you're doing something interesting visually. And then you set up the premise, the stakes of like, wherever my finger lands, I'm going to find an artist and do a song with them, which, OK, I've never heard of that before. So where does this idea come from? And like, how much time did you put into that first, getting that first five seconds to be good? I was literally at the gym with Connor's mom. And I thought of it and I texted him. I said, I'm stopping at Target. We're grabbing a globe. Here's the idea. And his mom parked the car. I ran and got it. It was like 19 bucks. And to be honest, at the time, we didn't realize it would blow up. And we posted on a Sunday and it got three million views the same day. And I'm like, oh, shit. OK, this is a series. We have to do this again. And instantly I went on my phone. I'm like, what country's next? And I searched hashtag Dutch rap because I really wanted a Dutch artist. I think that language is so beautiful. And I found this guy named Benz. Then we did episode two, two weeks later. And boom, that's spinning. And that's the song that now has over 100 