ee him rap it. It's really good. This is like really creative stuff. We would love to, our dream would be to like, almost make a, not a parody, but of like the office, but call it the studio where we can kind of extend these characters a bit more and like go a bit deeper into them and maybe bring on a few new, like if we have a episode of the studio where Connor's all these characters and then the guest is like Idris Elba comes in and he acts on it. And then we get Courtney Cox to come in on the next episode. And we use these connections Connor has from acting to now elevate his TikTok skits. That'd be fun. And then I have another dream of like pitching spin the globe to Netflix. I'm like, how cool would that be? If it's a 45 minute episode of Connor spinning the globe, lands on a country, but then he actually flies there and we meet the artists and we see their culture and we see the music scene there. Like, for example, Zambia, we have to go there because it would blow your mind. He couldn't send us his video because he only had 12 hours of electricity allotted like per day. And he said, until we get a heavy rain, the government will not increase our electricity. So I can't send you my video clips. So we were waiting to post this episode because you don't have electricity in Zambia to send these videos. So I'm like, I want to go there and see this and like bring awareness to it. And I think that'd be so cool because you have food shows on Netflix. You have like Zac Efron changing the world. Everybody feeds Phil. Everybody or somebody feed Phil. Yeah, I'm like, Connor should go there and do that. But for music, I think that'd be so sick. Well, there's a few there's a few like paths here, I think. And there's a few examples. One example, which I'm not relating it as an insult, but Weird Al Yankovic. Like, I bet you I don't know this for sure. But I would bet you that Weird Al probably out earned most every artist from the 90s. I bet you he crushed it in terms of obviously it was in the CD era where it was $22 for a CD that costs 50 cents to make. But I bet you Weird Al crushed it. And then the other guy and again, I'm not saying it's just because he's another white rapper, but Lil Dicky, you know, he's got that awesome show Dave. He's done a really good job of parlaying this thing into more than just music and rapping. You know what I wish Dave did though, which I was so disappointed in? The songs on the track were so good. And he's just now releasing them. I'm like, those songs should have been out because I would have streamed it. So not only are you making money from your show, but you're also making money because your Spotify is about to go up. So that's another thing. If we were to spin the globe, all the songs would be out. You watch the episode and then you can instantly stream it. Yeah. That's another part of our rollout is we don't promote the song until it's out. Some people promote the song months in advance. They do pre-save campaigns and stuff like that. What were you going to say about that, Sam? Well, what I was going to say was Weird Al and Dave are like, I actually think Weird Al is even more talented than Dave, but they're both like this, like, cutesy type of thing. I actually don't view you that way. I view you as significantly more serious. You're not like, I'm laughing with you, never at you. Whereas with Dave, it's usually at, you know what I mean? But he's still done a really good job of taking these over the top music videos and turning them into a thing. But I actually think that you have more potential than him for sure. Because with you, you're relatable, but at the same time, aspirational. And like, you're still serious, but at the same time, funny. I don't know. That's such a nice compliment, but it's so hard to respond to because that's just hard to respond to. I don't know how else to word it. But we love Dave, and little Dickie is so good. I just admire you guys. I think that you both have the it factor, and it's so evident. And I think the reason Sean said add a zero to it was because we don't know anything about music, but we've hung out with a whole bunch of rich people, a lot of billionaires and shit. And you see some patterns in certain things. And it's like, oh, well, this is... Yeah, we don't know how big this is going to be. It's already big, but it's going to be significantly larger than the way it is now. If you have a little bit longer of a time horizon, you just keep doing pretty good. How long does it take you to create a video or a video with a song? So what is the creative timeline for one of these that you make? It could be like... Are we talking the songs made or the song isn't made yet? Yeah, I guess either way. Or for example, the top video right now on your TikTok is this collab, the branded collab that you did with Ruffles and KFC. So you did that. I assume you basically had to... You made something specific for that. It wasn't something you already had made, right? Correct. So how long does a process like that take you when you're going to create something from scratch? Or is it just some days it's one day, some days it's three months? It's hard to say. Do you have a consistent formula for creation? For songs, some days it can be three hours and some days it can be weeks because he's stuck on something. But for videos, I'll script something in like 20, 30 minutes and then he'll film himself for a few hours and then he'll edit for a few hours. Yeah, on average, I'm probably filming for one or two hours and then editing for one to three hours. And do they all have to be full songs or do you just do like, I make three verses and that's for this TikTok video, but I'm not turning it into a full song? Do you ever do that? No. Now we only will invest time in a TikTok if it can convert to streams or else that's just not lucrative for us. I have a brain fart. But yeah, for Ruffles, they only requested a 30-second demo. So for that one specifically, he only had to write 30 seconds of a song. Boom, done, easy. But normally, it's a full song, needs to be done or we won't post it. Because TikTok doesn't pay you for views. Yeah, but it does indirectly because let's say something goes viral, now your fan base grows, the next video you put out with a song, it's gonna pay. Oh, totally. But if the song is out, we can show you the charts, it'll be like, it's so much different if the song's out. Yeah, but I hear what you're saying. But I admire people who kind of like, there's a temptation. Anytime you're doing something new, because new stuff is so unproven, there's a tendency and a temptation to take the energy and the momentum from the new thing, but shift into the proven game. So for example, I did a comparison once of Joe Rogan's podcast, which is like an interview, talk show type of thing. And I compared it to the top, the Tonight show. And I was like, okay, I forgot who was the host or which show I did, but let's say Jimmy Fallon was the host of the show. And it's basically like, if you just compare across every key metric, so it's like audience size, Joe's podcast blows away Jimmy Fallon, and actually has for years and years and years. Once Joe got the Spotify deal, then it was like, it got kind of legitimized. But way before that, Joe was making a ton of money in a huge audience, like five years before that. But people didn't think of it like a business because they just didn't have a headline of $100 million a year to Spotify to latch on to. So audience size, Joe is bigger. Production, it's Joe's podcast, I think is Joe, Jamie, and like maybe one other person's like three or four people total to pull off that show. The Tonight Show has like 50 people behind the scenes just to like run one show. Like episodes per year, he has like more output with fewer people, bigger reach. And the only thing that was missing was like, it didn't have like a category that it fit into really, it was like, oh, it's a podcast. Okay, podcast, like is that a business? I don't really know, like, seems like there's a bunch of those. But Joe stuck with it. And like, he had a lot of offers to do other things, but he just stuck with it. Let it build, build, build, build, build. So that then by the time, you know, it got really, really big, he could promote whether it's his own product, like Onnit, or some other, you know, athletic greens or whatever, some product that pays him and start making ludicrous money. And Mr. Beast kind of does the same thing where like, he flirts with this idea of like, I could go create a Netflix show. But the reality is, if you talk to him, and you've seen him do what he's been doing over the last few years, it's just like, build audience, build audience through this, like, he's like, why would I leave YouTube? I can reach more people in the Super Bowl. And you're like, yeah, but it's different. But he's kind of not wrong. Like he is right. It seemed like this frivolous thing. And then now people see Mr. Beast is like kind of a business entrepreneur guy. But like, it's because of like, it's because he committed to this new lane like many years ago. And I guess what I would say for you guys is, it seems like you guys have a new lane of this kind of like, what I'm it's almost like fast fashion, but for music, which is like these tech talks that are hooky, and and catchy and skit based, and like they can get millions of views and build you a huge fan base. And I actually think if you just stay with that, and you don't try to be a traditional musician, you're going to end up way bigger than all the traditional musicians. If the problem is, it's just like a little bit unproven where that goes exactly. Or like, and it's very tempting to like take offers from legitimate brands and legitimate paths, as you've heard of. But the good news is you're making millions of dollars along the way you're making millions now. So at least it's at least you ain't broke. And we've talked to every major label. It's not like I, our friend Nick said that he's like, we're independent by choice, not by default. Because you'll see in the comments like, why hasn't anyone signed this kid yet someone signed Connor and I'm like, they've tried. We will not because that's not our goal. Our goal is to like do this ourselves do things the way we want to do it. And honestly, prove to other people that you can do it. Because I had no idea that this was possible. And I'd love for other people that are making music to know it too. How old are you guys? I'm 29 and Connor's 28. Wow. And early on, I remember you had this cool video with Courtney Cox. And then you had another one with what's his name? Idris. Yeah. Those are cool. Have you had any other like heroes or celebrities reach out that you that floored you? There's one guy I really look up to his name is Russ. He's a huge, yeah, he's a huge independent artist. He really kind of wrote the blueprint that I followed. If you want to ta