ssistant jobs, then That's kind of silly because you have an assistant right well let's look forward to exedelic two Oh, there's another good use is continuity, right? So you have it read your first book and then you tell it help me make sense in my sequel without contradicting something in my first book Yeah, yeah, if I write something contradictory you turn it into red Exactly because continuity as you said adam with this baba verse thing. Yeah, this septology or whatever is written I mean that has to just get harder and harder and harder the more sequels you write Well, it's turned into a septology. It was originally a trilogy. But yes, right. So A sequel is it even is it possible? Is it feasible? Is exedelic to a potential in your life or is that just we're just making stuff up? It's possible. I put sequel hooks into everything. I write just out of reflex Um, I have no current plans to write a sequel I have only the vaguest idea what it might entail but there are sequel hooks. It could be done. Okay Well, no pressure enjoy it man because you you shipped a book to the world today and not very many people have done that And uh happy to be able to talk to you on your on your shipping day. It's cool I'm glad this worked out on publication day. It's it's great. I'm pretty pumped. Yeah. Well, yeah Excited for books excited for you And we'll read them All right. One more question as we close out which will get adam to read your book in a split second is Audio version. Is there a plan? will it be read who will read it what's going to happen because That's something that's highly desirable is audio version. I agree There is a plan details are not yet forthcoming. It's sort of coming down the pipeline, but i'm not totally sure when all right Yeah, fair enough in the meantime, just take the text pipe it into Some sort of ai and have it read it to you Yeah, I think openai has a whisper model that'll do that for you. There you go Did we even read the the sentence in the front though for the audience because I mean we've talked about the book I mean we haven't gone into it. I'm not suggesting we do so but like have we even read The hook no, let me read the hook for everybody So when you walk away from this you have a reason to go and check this book out Of course exedelic is the title And what it says on the front it says the world's most powerful ai has awakened to sentience And decided you're its worst enemy There you go Go read that book. There you go All right That's all for this time. Thanks for hanging with us everybody. Thank you very much. That was slow. Bye john. Bye friends so long Stick around plus plus people adam took the opportunity to pitch his Plausible science fiction novel to john and ask him. Do you think the book has got a possibility that's coming up right after this If you're one of those awesome folks who support our work with your hard-earned cash Sign up today at changelog.com slash plus plus it's better Thanks again to our partners fassy.com fly to io and typesense.org And to our super intelligent beat producing robot breakmaster cylinder next week on the changelog news on monday an interview with harun mir about Info sec honey pots and canary tokens on wednesday and changelogging friends with our good friend nick neesey On friday, have a great weekend. Tell your friends about the changelog if you dig it and let's talk again real soon