million streams on Spotify in less than nine months. That's so insane. That's it is insane. Yeah. So that first one that that that you were just playing, it really was just like, OK, how do we make content around the song? What's the content of a moment for something visual? What's something visual we can do? Right. So for spinning like the other one, you played with the carrot flute. It was that idea of like, all right, this flute is such a strong element of the song. I remember watching a video back in the day where someone made it. No, no, no, no, no. Christian, our brother in law was making a carrot flute at Christmas. And we're like, you're an idiot. What are you doing? And it actually ended up working. And I'm like, what if we bring that into the video? And then that's what made the song. Now people like call him like the carrot flute guy. I'm like, what? So for this one, the contents of a moment for us was like, all right, we have this artist myself from Canada. We have this other artist from Zambia, a country that most people don't even know where it is on the map. So you actually you actually knew the artist. You had the artist's idea first. And you're like, how do we tell the story of that? Almost reverse engineered the story. Correct. For this one, we had the song first. For every other one, we were like, we had no idea this was going to blow up. All our content that had performed well at this point was skits. And every time we posted a non skit, it never did as well. So we really were just like, let's see what happens. I was very much inspired by like content creators like Mr. Beast. Yeah, as you can tell from like the whole editing style. And I edit all my TikToks. And so like the one word at a time. I love how in videos that it starts the first frame you hear. All right, guys, today we're going to blah, blah, blah. He just gets into it right away. And so I was inspired by that. Hence, this intro. So yeah, the first one, we had the relationship with the Zambian artist first. But after the first episode, it was very organic. And we found the artists like literally two days before the song was recorded. And why do you think this video popped off like that? I think the hook is really strong. I'm going to spin this globe wherever my finger lands. It's like, all right, what's about to happen? Is he going to go there? Or I'm going to find an artist. Immediately, you're interested where he's going to land. Right. And it's visual. You see a spinning globe. Now you're going to stick around and see. All right, let's see where it lands. I land on a country like Zambia, something most people haven't heard of. And I say, I'm going to collaborate with an artist. Now there's another hook of, oh, what's this guy going to look like? What's he going to sound like? What's the song going to sound like? And then they stick around. Is he even going to be good? Right. Totally. And how many times did you have to spin that globe to land on Zambia? Oh, gosh, I couldn't even tell you. Way too many times. Yeah, that's another good TikTok like behind the scenes. But yeah, every couple seconds, like every four to five seconds, there's just something new. There's like a new like if you're thinking of leaving, you're like, OK, wait, maybe I'll stay. I'm thinking of leaving. Oh, wait, I want to see him. Oh, he's about to start. I'll stay. Like there's even with the carrot flute video, you'll notice every time there's like a dull moment, we have a of the drill. And it's like, oh, I'm staying. Like the weird brother pops in and like surprises. It's like every four to five seconds. Two or three seconds, almost like the attention is about to lapse. Open up a new curiosity. We even do that with the music creation. So if Connor's writing a verse and the flow is the same for too long, I'll be like, that's not contentable. I need you to switch your flow up faster so that there can be a new moment where the beat drops and the producer goes. Yeah. Like, yeah, when once we started seeing how well the content was doing for the music, I started approaching my my creative process with writing the music, thinking about what the content would be. And a lot of times the content would come first. So I would think, you know, that whole carrot flute video did so well. And then we started thinking, what other weird instruments could we use? And then we would think of a weird instrument like a xylophone. And then we made a xylophone beat. Oh, or one we wanted to do on where the fire alarm goes off mid recording session. But he's like, wait, stay. That sounds sick. And then they bring out the beat pad and make a song. We wrap over a fire alarm. Yeah, yeah. So a lot of times we would think of the content first and then make the song. Was there like a revenue number in mind that you guys need to have in order to make this a full time job? Yeah, my my dream was like, I want to make $10,000 a month from this. I'm like, if we can make $10,000 a month, I'll be like the happiest person in the world. And I don't know if I don't know if you guys know how it works, but it's roughly there's a lot of variables, but on average, a million streams is around $4,000.
thousand dollars USD on Spotify on Spotify. And we're averaging like 60 million streams a month right now across our things are just pretty crazy. And I don't think most people know that there's that potential because in music you hear there's no money in streaming. But I'm like, that's because labels own 80% of your songs. But if you own your songs, there's a shit ton of money in streaming. And I kind of want to just bring awareness to that. Yeah. Well, what was like the Alright, so you guys were just doing your thing. And then there was that that pop moment. What was the first month of sales on the pop? Like when it when it when the when the first video really worked out? There's a three month delay in accounting. So whatever you get from like, January, February, March, you get it in April. And I remember that pop moment got us our first six figure month. Yeah. And we lost our minds. What were you making per month before that? Like, was it like, kind of under $10,000 to $100,000? Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, that globe series really like if I showed you the chart of my Spotify for artists, you see my daily streams were here and then it just explodes like way up. What's really cool is that a lot of people have a big moment and then they slow down, they get comfortable. But the second we had that big moment, I'm like, we're pulling all nighters, we're going harder than we've ever gone. So you can see the chart, it goes up and it stays up, which is like the beauty of it because we didn't stop. Like, I literally remember our baby was sleeping. He was four months old during the globe series. And we would take turns pulling all nighters. Conor would be editing the videos, go in, give him a bottle, keep editing. It was crazy. We were on crack. I don't think we would. I don't know how we did it. Last night when I was watching all the videos, I thought Conor is a genius. And then now I realized that Brianna is a genius, actually. And actually, Conor, you could just go get a drink of water. I just have 1000 questions for you. This is so amazing. So you really did. I'm curious, just from a relationship point of view, how did y'all meet? And when did you meet? And at the time, was it like, I'm going to be a rapper? And you're like, you got it, honey. Go for it. No, we were 10 and 11 years old. We lived in the same apartment complex. When I was telling you earlier, when I did that movie Cinderella Man, so the first time I went to LA for that premiere, after that, I started staying in LA for a few months every year for auditions and stuff like that. And we would stay at this apartment complex called the Oakwoods apartment, which was infamous for having a lot of child actors stay there. And Brianna's little sister, Chloe, used to act. And so her family and my family lived at that apartment complex at the same time. And I was 10 and she was 11. And that's when we first met. Yeah. And we stayed friends. We swapped AIM addresses. So one of our most popular episodes on the pod was when I was talking about the FIRE movement. It stands for Financially Independent Retired Early. And I'm not necessarily part of that because I don't want to retire. But I do love the idea of just being financially independent. I think it just gives you so many different options. And I love content on that topic because I just love hearing stories and tactics and things like that on saving money and earning more money and just being financially independent. And the best podcast on that topic is called Choose FIRE. They've been around for years, 6 or 7 years at this point. Tens of thousands of downloads, thousands and thousands of reviews. And the host's name is Brad. He's wonderful. And if you're into earning more, saving more, and being financially independent, that's something that I'm a big fan of. It's something that was my goal starting at the age of 20. Then you have to check them out. The host's name is Brad. He's amazing. He's a big MFM listener. So he understands what we're about. And it's Choose FIRE. That's C-H-O-O-S-E And then FIRE, financially independent, so F-I. Choose FIRE. You can find it on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, wherever you get your podcasts. We're big fans of them. Check it out. And then it's just a cool story because you were supporting him. I imagine. I don't know what the life of an actor is like. But you were supporting him. And then now you guys are a team. It's honestly, it's like flip-flopped because his acting was much more lucrative than you think. When we first got married, he was on a series called X Company. He did three seasons of that. And he was a lead on that. And it does pay quite well. I don't know if I'm contractually even allowed to say, so I won't. But at the time, he was more supporting me. And then I was working. And I was a nanny at the time. So I wasn't bringing in huge amounts of money. And then I did the pet company stuff. And during that time, he wasn't working. So then I was supporting him. And now we've come to this even ground. We're working together and supporting each other and our family, my sister, my brother-in-law, my little brother. Everyone quit their jobs and they're all working on our team. So it really just is a family operation. We go to coffee shops every day. They help us edit. They help us manage the house. They're watching our baby right now so we could do this. My brother-in-law, Christian, mixes and masters all the music. He produces a lot of it. That whole carrot flute, he played that on the recorder. So yeah, we keep it all in the family. We all swap who supports who. And I knew, I'm like, one day there's going to be a point where we can all just support each other with this big thing. But I don't know what's going to be. I wasn't expecting it to be Connor rapping at all. We had a guy on the pod a long time ago. You might know him. His name is Mike Brown. And it's one of the earlier episodes. And I forgot what he was doing exactly. It was some like mineral exploration thing. So he would go, he would basically knock on people's houses and be like, hey, did you know there's like some minerals under the ground that you live in? And if you sign this paper that says like, cool, you have the rights to like get those minerals out, dig those minerals out or whatever, mine them. You can get paid this amount of money today. Upfront, you can get this amount of money today. And if he got like, if there was 100 houses, he needed all 100 to sign. And if he got that, then he could sell that bundle of letters saying, yep, you have the rights to a company that actually does the mining. And he was making millions of dollars doing this in Texas. And he was like, yeah, I was doing this. And I was like, that doesn't sound like it takes a lot of people. He's like, no, it was just me. And then he's like, I brought on my two brothers. And I was like, oh, what's that like working with family? Because like, you know, you hear different things. This is before I started a business with my wife. I was like, you know, what's that like? And he's like, he just looked at me like I was stupid. And he was like, what do you mean? So it's the best. And I go, oh, I mean, I guess you guys get along or works out. He's like, no, of course, you know, it's not all perfect. But he's like, my theory of life is you find the people that you love, and then you do life with them. And that just like has been ringing in my ears for like three years now. It's like find people you love, and then do life with them find excuses to do things with them, whether it's work vacation or learning something together or joining us learning a sport together, whatever it is. Would you say that's accurate for you guys? Or do you guys have anything that maybe will ring in my ears for another three years about this? I'd say I'd say it's accurate. But there definitely are like we have to plan date nights or else we will never spend time together as a married couple. We turn into just business partners for a while. And that's it. Or like, for example, we'll get in an argument as married couples do. But then we have a podcast interview the next morning or a video to shoot. So we have to put aside our pride of like who's right or wrong to make the work come first or my siblings. If they get in a fight. I just had this talk with them last week. I'm like, you guys are messing up my ecosystem. We have like a family ecosystem right now. If you fight with you, then now Connor can't mix his music with him. And then if he's so everyone just freaking get along. So sometimes I have to like that person that's like stop fighting because business. You're fucking up the juju. Yeah, literally. And then I'm like, there's a point where we're going to sell everything, make a ton of money, and then we can all live on a farm and fight all we want. But for now, freaking get along. And you just did a so like, the way that this is transferring to like actual wealth and money and everything is the Spotify, you get paid off that I don't know if you can get paid off Tick Tock or not, but you just did a tour as well. So you, you and hoodie Alan did like a I think what did you say two or three weeks? It was three weeks in Europe. Yeah, I was opening for him. I actually wrote down our revenue streams just because I didn't want to forget. I'd say go for it. Yeah, it's like Sam's gonna ask about revenue streams. I better be prepped. We have streaming is the number one by far. We have YouTube money. YouTube actually pays quite well in in regards to social media platforms. YouTube is like the platform. Yeah, I'll just say this really quick because this is kind of cool. So I found out that in them. So I was pretty late to YouTube shorts. I watched a Mr. Beast podcast where he was talking about, you know, YouTube shorts being the future data. I was like, all right, let me just try this. And what I did was I took all my popular Tick Tocks and because I edit them, I have them all on my computer saved and I just repurpose them on shorts. And you know, without the Tick Tock watermark or anything, I took the original, you know, and just repost and then YouTube emailed us and they're like, you were the most subscribed to artist in November. Yeah. And all artists in the month of November. Yeah. They said I was just right. Damn right. Send. I said, is there like a plaque for that or something? Yeah. So I got 800000 subscribers in one month just just from posting every day for a full month. All my popular videos, including the I heard something funny, by the way. I don't know if this is true or not. Might be a conspiracy theory, but somebody was saying, like, obviously, this part was, I think, showed to be true, which is if you just reupload your Tick Tocks with the watermark like Instagram and YouTube, I think we're deprioritizing it like it. But so the original file is good, but actually they also scraped the metadata, the name, the file name. I don't know if you guys are. Is this true or are you guys aware of this? If if you have the same like MP4 file name underneath, they also are trying to match that to just see like, oh, shit, we should start. Somebody told me. I don't know if that's true or not. It could it could be possible. I don't care. Like that globe video. We didn't change any, which is kind of weird that they both they both have exactly 72 million views on both platforms. And I posted them months apart because like I said, I was late to shorts. So now because of YouTube, that's an extra five figure. So yes, that's that's why I brought that up. Was I which one grows faster? YouTube shorts or Tick Tock? What do you wear? Which horse do you see winning? It's tough because the Tick Tock algorithm changes so much. But I think right now we're more excited about YouTube because YouTube lets you pin a comment and a link to stream the song. But Tick Tock doesn't. They removed the pinned comment feature. So it's harder to convert Tick Tock views to streams right now. I had a call with Tick Tock and I said, bring that back. So hopefully they bring it back. And even more interestingly enough on Tick Tock there. So it'd be my manager. Right. This is amazing. YouTube is much more creator friendly as far as you know, when you want to promote something like that, that video, that first globe video that I post on YouTube, I was able to make the pin comment the streaming link for the song. And that comment has like 40,000 upvotes. And so it definitely allow people to get to the streaming way easier than Tick Tock. Tick Tock at this point to even if you try to write the word link in bio or even Spotify, they'll hide the comment. And we've tested this. I've written that I posted that comment under my own video, logged into a different account to go there and the comments gone. And so they don't want to encourage anybody off the app, obviously. So it's this but finish this out. So it's Spotify, YouTube, then brand deals. Okay, recently, like the last couple, you can negotiate like six figures, high six figures, depending on the ask, I'm sure we could get even higher. But like, in our current state, current followers, it's like six figure deals, syncs, which is like getting your songs and commercials or TV, video games, video games, all that stuff. Publishing. Can you explain publishing real quick in like two sentences? It's hard to explain in two sentences. But yeah, pretty much like a song has two parts to it. There's like the master, which is also called the sound recording, which is what the streams are. Yeah, what the streaming royalties are. And then there's the publishing side, which is like the writers, the songwriters. And so the publishing, you get paid for like performance rights. So if it gets played on the radio, if someone wants to cover your song and use your lyrics, so it's sort of like a different part of the pie that So pub and then merch and then live shows. So those are like our 1-2-3-4-5-6, like seven streams of revenue. And people don't know this, like... Are you negotiating all this? I mean, that's very impressive if you're the one also doing the publishing stuff and commercials and things like that. I mean, that's... I was up until like, three months ago for the syncs, I still am. Like if he needs to get his stuff in a TV show or movie or game, I'm still doing that. But for brand deals, we brought on a brand agent team because I just don't have the bandwidth. I was like losing my mind because being a mom comes first. And if Jude is sick or having a tough day and things are due, I'm like, I need someone else to take this. So we do have a brand agent negotiating the brand deals, but everything else is us. And so you have these revenue streams. Most of the time, I've heard that touri