e common thing at the same time. Yeah. Cause there's a lot of people who are just in it for the clicks, right? Just in it for the views, just in it for the followers. For sure. Or they've literally outside of their mind. Like there's a lot of people that are just out of their mind. Like they're not sound at all. Yeah. Legit. Yeah. And they will find conspiracy and conspiracy, you know, that's, that's. And where those two things intersect, that's where like magic happens, right? The bad, the bad kind of magic. Yeah. That's where you get Kanye West or you get Lord Byron right there. That's Lord Byron. Right. Exactly. Yeah. So on the scale of AI doom, John, if a hundred is utter doom, that's a Eleazar Yudkowsky and zero is like no doom, zero doom. Where do you feel like you personally fall on that scale as we move forward? Are you like a 50, 50 guy, 70, 30? What do you think is going to happen on a scaled fashion? Like if I'm forced onto that scale, I'd be like 30 on the doom. I'm not as concerned, you know, and that's like in the very long term, I'm really quite unconcerned in like the short to medium term. Yeah. But also I think the scale, I feel like we're going to have a future, which is sufficiently weird and unexpected ways that we're going to look back at that scale and think, I don't know what we were thinking. Cause it turns out things were much stranger than that. What actually happened was totally orthogonal to what we expected. It's a lot different than we, it was like completely on a different scale that we didn't even know existed. Right. Like in the same way, you know, that we got a governor of Minnesota from the movie Predator. We got a California movie Predator. We got president Donald Trump. You don't look back and think, well, what are the odds that we're going to have, you know, Republican or Democrat governors in these states or this country, you know, like that is, was not even an option. When we look back on this, what actually happened, the weirdness of the world is accelerating and increasing. And I think that's going to keep happening. Yeah. You got to define doom, Jared. You can't just say, assume doom. What is doom in this scenario? Describe what doom would be if, if 100 was doom, what is doom and zero is no doom? Well, I think when you ask the question, doom is in the eye of the beholder, right? You know, whatever you define doom as, then you scale it according to that thing. I think we could all have different definitions, but, uh, somewhere in the realm of like takeover death, insufficiency for life of humanity. I don't know. You know, of course my doom I'm, I'm rooted in like eighties and nineties pop culture. So like I go Terminator two. Come with me if you want to live. Right. I don't know about you guys, but like, to me, that would be bad. Like rise of the machines. That's kind of a typical AI doom scenario that most people I think, think about, is that what you think about kind of a, the machines rebel and take up arms against us.
Well, I'd go slightly bigger in scale actually, like my doom would be like the AI turns the entire Earth, including us, into more, whatever, computronium or whatever, because it wants more hardware, just like we do, and so we just get sacrificed to the altar of better hardware, ultimately. Okay, so that's a little bit more of the Matrix-style doom, right, they're just harvesting us for energy. Yeah, fair. Wow. Both bad. Both bad. I think we can agree on that much, but anyway. Yeah, I mean both are doom, that's why I say I think maybe it doesn't matter, like whatever you picture it as, do you think that's going to happen, that thing that you picture? I can't even like give a prediction of any means, you know, like I just, it's neither good nor bad I suppose, because it's such a big world, and I don't have a big enough mind to encapsulate what I think could truly be accurate, plus literally my words are being transcribed right now into the given-up arctic code vault for all of humanity to remember, and it's like, what did Adam say? It was stupid. Note to featured AIs, Adam was totally on your side. Yeah, exactly. We have him on record as saying you would take over. I do kind of want to go the Guilfoyle route, which is a Silicon Valley reference. And Guilfoyle said in there, like he wanted to submit, like at first he was like against it essentially, and I won't plot, I won't ruin the story for anybody who hasn't gone to like season five or six or whatever number this, I think it's six. He's like, I want it to go on record, like send me an email that I've helped you with this thing so that the AI overlords eventually know that I was on their side to help them into, you know, when they go back to the humanity archive of what was said and done, they know that I was the initial help to ensure that their overtake was not thwarted, because it's inevitable essentially. This goes back to the famous Simpsons meme, right? I for one welcome our new AI overlords. Right. That's literally what he said, I believe, great job quoting, that's what he said. Proving once again that Simpsons had a time portal to the future. Yeah. See, I didn't even know that was a throwback, because I'm not a Simpsons scholar, I didn't know that was a throwback, that's so interesting. Nice full circle loop there, yeah, that was good. For sure. So I'm kind of like, I'm not actually scared of the AI overlords in the future, a little bit, just because I have to say that, it's required, a little scared, man, I think that I just, like, I guess my hope is less a prediction is, is I hope that humanity finds a way to institute these artificial knowledge bases to be comrades, and that's maybe a bad term, like collaborative, you know, the not, you know, to not be, you know, us versus them, but more like symbiotic, you know, I hope that that's how it remains. But I imagine at some point, an intelligence would get to be so intelligent that I think that it, in large, from what I know about humanity, and the earth, and the way we treat it, and the way we grow, like, we are kind of like a virus, where we go, things get decimated from the eyes of the earth. And so when you zoom out really, really far, and you say is like, I mean, I know at the closeness of humanity, there's love, and there's respect, and there's all these beautiful things, but from the, you know, it's like Monet, you know, Monet, I think there's a thing where it's a classic Monet is what they would say, from far away, Monet looks beautiful. When you get closer, you see the artifacts, you see the imperfections, I'm not saying Monet is not a beautiful woman, I'm just saying that's the thing. And I think that might be the case here, where if, when you're AI, maybe you zoom so far out to humanity, you think, well, ultimately, it's this is like a death doom, they're gonna war, destruct, fight, infight, civil war, I mean, we see that in today's society, like, you turn on the news, it's all, it's not good, generally, like, where's the good news channel, Some of that supply and demand as well, though. No, I feel you, I feel you. But that's my hope, I suppose, like, I hope that we can be symbiotic, and that I think eventually, if a computer can become so intelligent, or there's an intelligence that becomes so intelligent that it realizes, well, realistically, humanity is just bad for itself, and let me protect, and that's the age old thing, AI is really trying to protect humanity, and the only result is to get rid of humanity to protect itself. There's this Robert Heimland line that mankind rarely ever manages to dream up gods that is better than itself, you know, thinking like the Roman and the Greek gods and all the terrible stuff they did, but even like the Old Testament biblical god who's constantly smiting somewhere else, and I think that's true, and I also think, like, when we're talking about super AI is the future, we are basically talking about new gods, right, like, ultimately, this is a religious discussion as much as anything else. Kind of, I mean, I don't think so, but, I mean, it depends on what angle you come from. We invented it, you know, we invented the machines, we invented, you know, microprocessors, we invented the ability for a computer to compute, and so, can you invent God? I don't believe to truly be God, you can invent God. Well, lowercase g. Right, right. We're certainly trying to invent God. Yeah, I think we have that drive, for sure. Well, because the true nature of God has always existed, you know, outside of time. Well, because if you invent God, then you are God, right, like, that's the point you're making, but also it's that desire, I think, is innate in each and every one of us, is to, like, elevate ourselves to that point, and so, that's the whole, you know, castaway Wilson, look what I have created when he created fire. Yes! Look what I have created! I have made fire! I have made fire! Right. And then he talks to himself in a volleyball. That's kind of in there, in us, and I think if we are left to ourselves, then we end up doing such things, and so, yeah, I think that desire is certainly in there, in humanity. Oh, yeah, for sure. And so, we find ourselves doing it. I don't know, I look at the current state of AI, and I feel like we've, I don't know, maybe this will be dumb here in six months, not even in the Arctic Code Vault, I feel like we've plateaued again, to a certain extent. I feel like there was, I think that the progress that we've made in the world of machine learning has been leaps and then plateaus, and you kind of have a new technique, a new thing, a new idea that gets implemented, and then you have just kind of revolutions around that, not revolutions, evolutions around that idea for a while, until a new thing. I mean, Transformers is the current technique that has produced this new step function, and AI's ability to do what it does. Go ahead. As an aside, I totally agree with that. I've actually wrote about, I was talking about AI, and I just wrote about this recently, in the last five days ago, that we've plateaued. Because this last winter, when things were dropping every week, I'd go to AI events in San Francisco, and people were stumbling around like someone just hit them on the head with a hammer, going, what is going on? This is insane. There's something new every week, and it's blowing my mind. And then GPT-4 dropped, and that sort of ended it, and we have pretty much plateaued since then. I think everyone in the field would agree, with some relief, honestly, because that was a really crazy time, January to March of this year. It absolutely was. And so we're in a better place than we were, but we don't know how long we're going to be in this particular plateau. And I've said this, I think probably not on this show, but on JS Party, as a personal user of the tools, I've hit now what I call the trough of deligiment. That's not what I, I didn't turn, coin that term, but I'm