ther three years about this? I'd say I'd say it's accurate. But there definitely are like we have to plan date nights or else we will never spend time together as a married couple. We turn into just business partners for a while. And that's it. Or like, for example, we'll get in an argument as married couples do. But then we have a podcast interview the next morning or a video to shoot. So we have to put aside our pride of like who's right or wrong to make the work come first or my siblings. If they get in a fight. I just had this talk with them last week. I'm like, you guys are messing up my ecosystem. We have like a family ecosystem right now. If you fight with you, then now Connor can't mix his music with him. And then if he's so everyone just freaking get along. So sometimes I have to like that person that's like stop fighting because business. You're fucking up the juju. Yeah, literally. And then I'm like, there's a point where we're going to sell everything, make a ton of money, and then we can all live on a farm and fight all we want. But for now, freaking get along. And you just did a so like, the way that this is transferring to like actual wealth and money and everything is the Spotify, you get paid off that I don't know if you can get paid off Tick Tock or not, but you just did a tour as well. So you, you and hoodie Alan did like a I think what did you say two or three weeks? It was three weeks in Europe. Yeah, I was opening for him. I actually wrote down our revenue streams just because I didn't want to forget. I'd say go for it. Yeah, it's like Sam's gonna ask about revenue streams. I better be prepped. We have streaming is the number one by far. We have YouTube money. YouTube actually pays quite well in in regards to social media platforms. YouTube is like the platform. Yeah, I'll just say this really quick because this is kind of cool. So I found out that in them. So I was pretty late to YouTube shorts. I watched a Mr. Beast podcast where he was talking about, you know, YouTube shorts being the future data. I was like, all right, let me just try this. And what I did was I took all my popular Tick Tocks and because I edit them, I have them all on my computer saved and I just repurpose them on shorts. And you know, without the Tick Tock watermark or anything, I took the original, you know, and just repost and then YouTube emailed us and they're like, you were the most subscribed to artist in November. Yeah. And all artists in the month of November. Yeah. They said I was just right. Damn right. Send. I said, is there like a plaque for that or something? Yeah. So I got 800000 subscribers in one month just just from posting every day for a full month. All my popular videos, including the I heard something funny, by the way. I don't know if this is true or not. Might be a conspiracy theory, but somebody was saying, like, obviously, this part was, I think, showed to be true, which is if you just reupload your Tick Tocks with the watermark like Instagram and YouTube, I think we're deprioritizing it like it. But so the original file is good, but actually they also scraped the metadata, the name, the file name. I don't know if you guys are. Is this true or are you guys aware of this? If if you have the same like MP4 file name underneath, they also are trying to match that to just see like, oh, shit, we should start. Somebody told me. I don't know if that's true or not. It could it could be possible. I don't care. Like that globe video. We didn't change any, which is kind of weird that they both they both have exactly 72 million views on both platforms. And I posted them months apart because like I said, I was late to shorts. So now because of YouTube, that's an extra five figure. So yes, that's that's why I brought that up. Was I which one grows faster? YouTube shorts or Tick Tock? What do you wear? Which horse do you see winning? It's tough because the Tick Tock algorithm changes so much. But I think right now we're more excited about YouTube because YouTube lets you pin a comment and a link to stream the song. But Tick Tock doesn't. They removed the pinned comment feature. So it's harder to convert Tick Tock views to streams right now. I had a call with Tick Tock and I said, bring that back. So hopefully they bring it back. And even more interestingly enough on Tick Tock there. So it'd be my manager. Right. This is amazing. YouTube is much more creator friendly as far as you know, when you want to promote something like that, that video, that first globe video that I post on YouTube, I was able to make the pin comment the streaming link for the song. And that comment has like 40,000 upvotes. And so it definitely allow people to get to the streaming way easier than Tick Tock. Tick Tock at this point to even if you try to write the word link in bio or even Spotify, they'll hide the comment. And we've tested this. I've written that I posted that comment under my own video, logged into a different account to go there and the comments gone. And so they don't want to encourage anybody off the app, obviously. So it's this but finish this out. So it's Spotify, YouTube, then brand deals. Okay, recently, like the last couple, you can negotiate like six figures, high six figures, depending on the ask, I'm sure we could get even higher. But like, in our current state, current followers, it's like six figure deals, syncs, which is like getting your songs and commercials or TV, video games, video games, all that stuff. Publishing. Can you explain publishing real quick in like two sentences? It's hard to explain in two sentences. But yeah, pretty much like a song has two parts to it. There's like the master, which is also called the sound recording, which is what the streams are. Yeah, what the streaming royalties are. And then there's the publishing side, which is like the writers, the songwriters. And so the publishing, you get paid for like performance rights. So if it gets played on the radio, if someone wants to cover your song and use your lyrics, so it's sort of like a different part of the pie that So pub and then merch and then live shows. So those are like our 1-2-3-4-5-6, like seven streams of revenue. And people don't know this, like... Are you negotiating all this? I mean, that's very impressive if you're the one also doing the publishing stuff and commercials and things like that. I mean, that's... I was up until like, three months ago for the syncs, I still am. Like if he needs to get his stuff in a TV show or movie or game, I'm still doing that. But for brand deals, we brought on a brand agent team because I just don't have the bandwidth. I was like losing my mind because being a mom comes first. And if Jude is sick or having a tough day and things are due, I'm like, I need someone else to take this. So we do have a brand agent negotiating the brand deals, but everything else is us. And so you have these revenue streams. Most of the time, I've heard that touring is like number one for a lot of artists. You put it at the bottom. We were just talking about this on a walk last night. I'm like, how are we going to talk about touring? Because it's just not... I don't like to speak confidently on anything we've never done ourselves. Of course, if you're at like Drake, Taylor Swift level, you're bringing in hundreds and millions of dollars. But just for context, we opened on the European tour and I had a chart of the money. I'm pretty sure we just broke even on that one. Just because you have to like rent a bus, you have to pay a tour manager, you have to pay for everyone's travel, your DJ, merch, like the list is endless. How do you think about that? Because it's obviously a lot of effort. You got a little baby at home. You probably reduce your output on TikTok because you're touring because it takes up so much time. You're breaking even. But there's the fan love and you're like, okay, this means something and that matters. And I think most artists just give you the politically correct like, oh, I do everything for my fans and blah, blah, blah. But there's a reality. There's trade-offs to everything. Me and Sam experienced this in a super small level with the podcast where we did a couple of live shows. They're fun, but they're a lot of work. You don't make any money off of it. And it's kind of like, well, that was one episode. We could have just done so much more in that same amount of time. Sam doesn't like to travel and I got little babies at home, so I'm not looking to travel either. So we kind of don't do it that much. How do you guys measure that? Think about that trade-off of the live fan experience, which creates super fans, but you lose all this other stuff. We found a really good medium for this. We met in the middle. Connor's booking agent. I totally forgot to mention her earlier, which is ridiculous because she's iconic. Connor's booking agent. Her name is Kara Lewis. She also repped Eminem and a bunch of other really awesome artists. And I've talked to her about it. Only white rappers she likes? Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah, Young Gravy. Who else? She's got it. She had Travis Scott at one point. She's got Ice Spice right now. She's literally the best. There's an article about her and it's called the most terrifying woman in music. I'm like, I want that to be me. That's me next. Anyways, so we've come to a conclusion with her that right now, while Jude is in these early stages of life, and we're really just trying to build, build, build, we'll do pop-up shows. So for example, we're doing a pop-up show in Chicago in November. And then we're going to do a pop-up show in Toronto, his hometown, a few days later. And then he'll accept festivals. Like a month ago, he went to Calgary for a rodeo and he did a festival where they offer you a certain amount of money and you play for 45 minutes. I'm like, easy. He's gone for two nights. So we're going to do that. And then just keep doing pop-up shows to have fan love and connect with the audience because it is really magical to hear people sing his songs back to him in person. But the TikTok experience is good too, though, because the thing about digital stuff is I see it. And even though I see 100,000 likes or 10s of millions of views on it, I'm like, I don't know who else knows this. And then I saw the video of you in Europe. And you do really cool TikToks of you before the show and then during the show. And I'm like, holy shit, this is a movement. It's like when Casper and all these companies... When digital companies start advertising and buying billboards in the subways and shit like that, you're like, oh, it actually adds value to see it in real life as opposed to just on my phone, even as a digital viewer. You know what I mean? Totally. That's a great comparison. Yeah. Yeah. So for us right now, shows aren't like live shows. A festival is a money thing. It is a revenue stream because he gets paid for like 45 minutes. But the concept of 