touring for us, it wouldn't be lucrative enough at this stage for us to invest the time, energy, funds, blah, blah, blah into it. But when he does do shows, it's purely fans. I know a lot of artists will charge for VIP meet and greets. I'm like, why am I charging a fan to say hi to you? They're the reason we have a career. No. He'll stand outside and talk to absolutely everybody there for free. He'll go to the merch tables, sign merch. The venues will try and even fee us for that. They're like, if he's at the merch table, there's gonna be a fee. I'm like, that's so silly. But anyways, when we do do live shows, it's gonna be completely just for the fans and not a revenue stream. How big of a venue can you sell out right now, you think? We've honestly never tested that because we've never done a headlining solo show, but I'll get back to you in a few weeks when we do. What's your guess? You can guess. Our hope is somewhere between 900 and 1000. Those are like the... Oh, dude, you're gonna crush that. Well, hey, you know, it's like... Here's the thing. So I mean, technically, who knows? You could sell out a 5000 venue. You never know. But in the touring world, you have to build a proof of purchase first. So you can't just go from zero to booking a massive venue. You have to start at this venue, and then your booking agent can negotiate this venue. And then this because you have to show them, hey, he sold X many tickets here. So now your venue should take him because you have to negotiate with the promoters and the club owners. So it's hard to say. Touring is a tough topic because one, we're not versed in it enough. And two, it's too complicated of a business to be like, I can go from here to here. You have to build. It's not as much like TikTok where we can go viral overnight and your life changes. Yeah, it's true. Sorry if that's a lame answer, but it's just... So Mike Posner went to my college when I was there. And we were all like, this is a guy in the other building that's trying to become a rapper. What is he talking about? And then he did. So that was amazing. And one of the things he did when he came back, so he had his high the traditional way. And then he hit a low where he wasn't making hits anymore. His first album was Whatever Big. And then he dipped a little bit. And then he reinvented himself. And he's like, I'm going to walk across America. So he started doing things that I thought were interesting because they added new layers to him, new dimensions, new content. Kind of like ideas. He wasn't doing it for that reason, but it worked well also. And he would do these pop-up shows just in a park where he would just be like, I'm just gonna start playing in this park and see what happens. But it kind of didn't matter what happened live. Some people got a magical experience that came or were there. Most people weren't there. But he's like, what does it matter if... Okay, let's say there's 50 people here that are having a 100 out of 10 experience because something over-the-top cool just happened. And okay, I don't have 900 other people here, but this video looks so interesting and it makes me more interesting than how a traditional artist does it. So the content would always pop off and his brand would be kind of like the people's champion in a way that he would just do these free shows in the park rather than how an artist would traditionally do things. So I think there's something to flipping touring on its head and be like, I am going to do these fan things on my own terms, but I'm actually going to do them optimized for content and not filling venues because content is my game anyways. If I just keep building that mountain, right? That's what Mr. Beast does. He's like, if I just keep building this mountain on digital, that's what will work. Like everything in this business, it's like, what's your goal? If your goal is to be a mega superstar and perform in arenas, then yeah, sign with a label and do those things and dedicate your life to building your touring resume so you can get there. But that's just not our goal, at least right now. So we're just focusing on making as much music as possible because I forgot who said, I think it was this artist named Mike stud. He compared songs to real estate. He's like, if you can buy a piece of real estate every two weeks, why wouldn't you? Some of them will remain shacks on the beach, but some of them will be mansions in Laguna. So that's our mindset right now. I'm like, we're investing in as much real estate. What is your goal? What's like your, what's like, do you guys have like a, like, do you want to do this for 30 years? Are you trying to just get super rich? I mean, what's like, what do you write on the whiteboard or on the fridge? Business business, like he loves the art and we love to make good music, but ultimately the goal would be to scale this, like we would scale a business and then potentially sell the catalog someday. Cause it can be evaluated similar to a, what number, what number excites you? 50 million. At what age? Three or four years from now. Yeah. Okay. I'll be your advisor. No charge. Just add a zero to that number. Okay. Cause that you're like, you guys, uh, 50 is you guys, you're already fingertips away. Fine. Sean, how's a hundred million? No, no. Out of 500 is the number. What did Bruce Springsteen get, dude? I think Bruce Springsteen got 300. You know, I want to say something here. That's a little bit, so I've definitely, uh, this is probably the most I've ever like, you know, complimented any guest on this podcast before. I'm usually, even if I like them, I, you know, I'm hard to get a little bit. Uh, Sam's usually just like Sam, Sam usually fangirls pretty easily. He's like, he's like, so you're hot. And I just love people that are hot and like, you know, you're fit. So like, you know, you're awesome. And, uh, you know, I usually keep it, you know, a little close to the vest, but, but you guys are, you're the, you're the creative version of hot. And I think that's amazing. And you're hot. Thank you. We'll take the physical as well. The thing that I would say that's kind of an insult is when I watched you on YouTube, I didn't have the same fun as I did on TikTok. So like, I watched the full songs and I was like, these are good songs, but I didn't like, you know, I wasn't like hooked. And I wasn't, um, like I wasn't as like, I felt like the things you guys are doing on TikTok. I've kind of never really seen before. It felt.
so original, and it almost felt like a different thing than like music, which is like a thing I understand. And there's a bunch of like pre-established music options that I can go to. I'm curious, do you guys feel this? A, do you feel the same way? And B, like, is there any part of your ego that's like, no, I like, I want to be a traditional, take me serious rapper versus like, no, this kind of like these TikTok quick hooks, almost like half songs, that's my thing. And I'm actually creating a new lane over here. How do you think about it? The goals are different on those platforms. On TikTok, our goal is to reach new listeners. And YouTube is more to nurture the listeners we already have and to nurture the platform because it does pay well. So more views on YouTube is more money in our pocket from the AdSense and stuff like that. But yeah, with YouTube, we're not approaching those long form videos with the goal of reaching new people, if that makes sense. It's kind of hard to explain. And then also sometimes if the videos are a bit more polished, like for example, he did a song with Baby No Money. And that was a very polished music video. But like, that's like baby's team, right? They were like, all right, if we're gonna do a song with Connor, Connor's got to jump into our world and do a music video. I'm like, great, then you got to jump in our world and do a skit. So yeah, well, the thing about your skits is like, first of all, like I see a TikTok video and then I listen to you guys when I work out like I associate it goes video first, then I listen to while I'm exercising. That's our goal. But when I see the video, like you do this, you have this amazing thing where you basically, you're clearly an actor, you have three characters, you have the producer, then you have you the rapper, and then you've got your nerdy brother or cousin or whoever you're supposed to be the guy. Yeah, like the guy who wears the turtleneck. And I get to know the characters. And you do such a good job. I was telling Sean, I was like, I forget you forget that it's you, it's Connor, you do even obviously, it's you don't dress up or anything, just the same person, you do such a good job that I'm getting to know the characters. It's very much like the Dr. Doolittle or whoever it was, well, you know, Tyler Perry, where they played the it's the same actor doing multiple characters, but you're not even dressed up. I get to know the characters. And I like see the weird brother come in. And I'm like, Oh, he's about to do something funny. And I get to know the personality of the producer version of you. It's so good. You do such a good job of like, adding characters that when I listened to the songs, I am like, I'm remembering that video. And that's what makes me like it. Whereas if it was just the songs, they are good. But I the the skits add so much meaning to it. I'm like, Oh, this is the carrot one. You know what I mean? So cool. And the funny thing is, so like, like music, like if you listen to an album, they've always done these like skit type things. And I'm like, back when I used to have CDs, like Kanye's, you know, college dropout album, there would be these little skits, but they weren't that good. And like, they weren't that funny. They were kind of long. And like, so that concept's been around. How did you guys come up with this idea to have these characters? How did you come up with the idea for the characters? Like, what was the inspo behind that? The characters was really just like, we don't have anyone else. Like, we're really like, we don't really hang out with many people. We couldn't think of anyone who could play these characters as well. So I'm like, I'm just freaking put on glasses and just be. Yeah, it was just, it really was just the most efficient way to do it. And I, I had control over the whole process because I was, I film it all myself. I set up my iPhone. Film them late at night when the, it's like, well, you can't coordinate that with other people. Like, hey, can you, can you come over at 11 p.m. for a TikTok? Like no one's going to do that. So we just do a good job of getting, like, you have this other video. I forget. I don't even know who the rappers are. Like, eventually I figure out, oh, that's Hoodie Allen. But in the video, I'm just like, oh, it's the skit is like, it's a late night thing. The janitor has to fill in. And I just know the actor as the janitor, not even the rapper. Then you s